
<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit the README.Rmd file -->

# Lab report \#1

Follow the instructions posted at
<https://ds202-at-isu.github.io/labs.html> for the lab assignment. The
work is meant to be finished during the lab time, but you have time
until Monday evening to polish things.

Include your answers in this document (Rmd file). Make sure that it
knits properly (into the md file). Upload both the Rmd and the md file
to your repository.

All submissions to the github repo will be automatically uploaded for
grading once the due date is passed. Submit a link to your repository on
Canvas (only one submission per team) to signal to the instructors that
you are done with your submission.

This is a line from RStudio.

This is another line from RStudio.

This is, once again, another line from RStudio. Test line Test line1

We struggled to understand how the push/pull works in Github. We didn’t
realize we needed to install Git to make this process run smoothly. All
of class time was spent trying to understand the lab instructions.
Finding a time to meet, outside of class, was challenging. The file
would not open on everyone’s laptops, Abi’s access was denied to save
the changes “Error saving; access denied”. I struggled to get my email
and username saved for the configuration, in order to push and pull the
code.

Melania - I didn’t realize I needed to install Git to be able to make
this specific type of project. So, I installed Git to fix that problem.
I was also confusing myself thinking that this was a file everyone could
edit simultaneously, but what I needed to do was keep reading the
directions and realizing that one person edits and makes changes, but
everyone has access to the same file and can see those changes once they
are pushed.

Niraj - I haven’t faced any problem on downloding the Git hub.I tried to
pull it and I got that text saying that “Already updated”” but when I
tried to push it ask verification of Gib hub account. I tried many times
but I couldn’t push the thing. At last, I made the personal access
token(classic) for Verification. After this I able to pushed.

Chris - I was unable to understand how to link Git to Rstudio. I got to
our teams file on Github and was able to open it however when trying to
acsess it with R studio it prompted me with an error message saying I
needed to install Git. I confirmed I installed Git and retryed but could
not get it to work. I look forward to figuring this problem out, however
I can not as of right now as I have verified everything has been
downloaded but am still getting error messages.
